Not running installers will not disable auto-subscribe (#6691)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/operations/installers.md

partial: installer-api

> ## What is not part of installers

Author: Maybe this should be "Auto subscribe is not part of installers"?

> ## What is not part of installers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Auto-subscribe is not part of installers
```

> NServiceBus detects all events an endpoint handles and [auto subscribes to these events at startup](/nservicebus/messaging/publish-subscribe/controlling-what-is-subscribed.md#automatic-subscriptions). Auto subscribing to events can be disabled by [disabling the auto subscribe feature](/nservicebus/messaging/publish-subscribe/controlling-what-is-subscribed.md#disabling-auto-subscription).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NServiceBus detects all events an endpoint handles and [auto-subscribes to these events at startup](/nservicebus/messaging/publish-subscribe/controlling-what-is-subscribed.md#automatic-subscriptions). Automatic subscriptions can be turned off by [disabling the auto subscribe feature](/nservicebus/messaging/publish-subscribe/controlling-what-is-subscribed.md#disabling-auto-subscription).
```
